This is a desktop application that automates the process of calculate ΔΔCт values from raw Cт values from any qPCR machine. The ΔΔCт and ChIP qPCR calculators produce a new Excel sheet that contains calculated deltadeltaCT values and graphs.
The continuous input version of the qPCR calculator allows the user to reuse Excel sheets created by this program to calculate averages and standard deviation. Note that to use the continuous input version, the input Excel file needs to be generated by the ΔΔCт qPCR calculator of this program.

This program works with Excel Exports (.xls, xlsx) of the results of any qPCR machine, providing that the export file has the appropriate format

**Rules for using the regular delta delta CT calculator:**
1. Need to label everything correctly
2. Gene target names need to be consistent with previous inputs
3. Control sample names have to be under Control Group

**Rules for using the ChIP qPCR calculator:**
1. One strip can only have one target
2. Naming conventions must be consistent and correct
3. Can only pick one set of reference samples

**Notes:**
1. To make remove the content of a dropdown box, select an option so that the contents of the dropdown are highlighted, then hit backspace
2. Orientation in ChIP-qPCR means how your strips are aligned in the PCR machine
3. Always keep those files (settings.json, previous_entries.txt) that are alongside the qPCRCalculator.exe in the same folder
4. If your export file has different column names, add those names to the appropriate sections in the settings

**DISCLAIMER** 
This software is provided "as is" and is intended for informational purposes only. While every effort has been made to ensure the accuracy and reliability of this program, the author makes no warranties, either expressed or implied, regarding its functionality, completeness, or accuracy.

Users are strongly advised to double-check their data and results. The author shall not be held liable for any direct, indirect, special, incidental, consequential or other damages, including but not limited to loss of data, business interruption, or loss of profits, arising out of the use or inability to use this software.

By using this software, you agree to this disclaimer and acknowledge that it is your responsibility to verify the results and ensure their accuracy.

<br>

Please direct any enquiries to jasonaik39@gmail.com